:: ACL 2004 POSTERS / DEMOS ::
http://www.acl2004.org/form/view.php?id=posters

Co-Chairs: Philippe Blache, CNRS & Université de Provence
Co-Chairs: Horacio Rodríguez, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya

ACL-04 will include special sessions for interactive posters and
demonstrations. Poster/Demo presentations present original work in
progress, on-going research projects with novel ideas/applications, or
late-breaking results that are best communicated in an interactive
format.

Interactive Poster/Demo sessions provide a forum of academic and
technical exchanges. The topics of interest cover all aspects of
computational linguistics, as outlined in the CFP for the Main
Technical Session.  Authors should submit an original paper (of no
more than 4 pages in ACLformat) that describes and emphasizes the
problem of the research and the novelty of the methods or theories
being used. Presentations with demos should outline the design of
their systems and provide sufficient details to allow the evaluation
of their validity, quality and usefulness. They should also describe
the equipments required for the demonstration. All the Poster/Demo
submissions will be reviewed by an international program committee.

Authors are requested to send their texts in PDF format to the following
address: pb@lpl.univ-aix.fr

:: Important Dates

Paper submission deadline: 1st May 2004
Notification of acceptance: 20th May 2004
Camera ready copy due: 1st June 2004

:: Presentation Style

The Interactive Poster/Demo Sessions run in parallel of the main
session. One paper will be allocated for 3 hours of poster and demo
presentation as well as 5 minutes oral presentation in the next room,
both of which take place on the same day.  The Poster/Demo papers are
allocated 4 pages which will be included in the companion volume of
the conference proceedings.

:: Submission Information

Submissions should follow the two-column format of ACL proceedings and should
not exceed four (4) pages, including references. We strongly recommend the use
of ACL LaTeX style files or Microsoft Word Style files tailored for this year's
conference. A description of the format will also be available in case you are
unable to use these style files directly. As reviewing will be blind, the paper
should not include the authors' names and affiliations. Furthermore, self-
references that reveal the author's identity should be avoided. The papers with
a demo that requires a special consideration should describe the requirements
just before the introductory session of the paper.

Programme Committee:

Philippe Blache, Université de Provence, France
Rens Bod, University of Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Christian Boitet, Université Joseph Fourier, France
Antonio Branco, University of Lisbon, Portugal
Francisco Casacuberta, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain
Ken Church, ATT Labs, USA
Tomaz Erjavec, Jozef Stefan Institute in Ljubljana, Slovenia
Roger Evans, University of Brighton, UK
Marcello Federico, IRST, Italy
Julio Gonzalo, UNED, Spain
Nancy Ide, Vassar College, USA
Ruslan Mitkov, Wolverhampton, UK
Diego Mollá, Macquarie University, Australia
Stefan Muller, Universität Bremen, Germany
Kemal Oflazer, Sabanci University Istanbul, Turkey
Patrick Paroubek, LIMSI, France
German Rigau, EHU, Spain
Horacio Rodríguez, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Spain
Laurent Romary, INRIA, France
Graham Russell, RALI, Canada
Eric Wehrli, LATL, Switzerland
Shuly Wintner, University of Haifa, Israel
Pierre Zweigenbaum, DIAM, France
